Shaun W.: Only set up for every week, just to help you out. Like you would see how you get paid anything
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh no, we can go to every other week that's
Shaun W.: All right, that's all. The reason I set it up for every week just
Gwenevere Abriel: Silly
Gwenevere Abriel: I got a long waiting list that
Shaun W.: That's, that's okay, right.
Shaun W.: Now, all right. I didn't know that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. Let's, um, let's switch it up to
Gwenevere Abriel: Will do. How about April 14 and I'll open this 9am of two people. I've been kind of pushing off.
Shaun W.: Okay, April 14
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: And then that would be my breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll be able to wish.
Shaun W.: Me day
Gwenevere Abriel: 17. Okay. So yeah, that's great. I'm glad you brought that up because, yeah, no, that's, that's
Gwenevere Abriel: My part is, I'm here, I'm an independent contractor. All I ask is, when people scheduled, but they keep it. That's the part that's it. When you schedule you keep it, that's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's get into how you're doing over there. You still working.
Shaun W.: Yeah, yeah, I'm still working.
All right, what are the
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the relationships like at work and you tension over there.
No.
Shaun W.: I don't really talk to people, I just worked with we work so fast that uses Kevin talked that much.
Gwenevere Abriel: And, um, let's see, I think there is trying to save some money trying to get a car so that maybe you could hit out on your
Gwenevere Abriel: Own not kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Hang up the house. I don't know why that there's kinda delay on that there's could be saving money. I don't know.
Shaun W.: Yeah, that's the only thing I'm doing saving money trying to buy a car. I got because I don't want to buy a studio score. So I got my license. Finally, so now I'm just waiting to buy a car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me about why the quality of the car means so much to tell me about that value.
Shaun W.: Just, just how it runs. I don't care how it looks. I just care how it runs
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't want to break down the middle of nowhere.
Shaun W.: Yeah, there were a way to work or something you
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let me just see. Do we have anything specific about that. I want to succeed in life. You said I want to get a job. I think we need to close that. I mean, you just have a job. Let's just, let's just close that one. What
Shaun W.: Do you think yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. What if we change it to something around getting a car, maybe about getting your own place if that is a goal you have
Shaun W.: Yeah, that is
Shaun W.: Just waiting to get a car because once once I get a place. I'm not gonna build save money.
Shaun W.: Because, already pay child support rating. So I don't make that much either. I mean, so that's why I got to get a card for you to please. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cut down here at this new area for completed goals. Nicely done.
Achieved
Slash
Close.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are tempers
Gwenevere Abriel: With living with your mom at this point are you guys able to kind of keep
Shaun W.: It at a pretty low level.
Shaun W.: Yeah, we don't talk too much.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's how you pull that off. You just kind of avoid each
Other
Gwenevere Abriel: Not ideal, but that's people are not over the years. That's the only way to do it.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Shaun W.: She's, she's achieve adorable.
Yeah.
Shaun W.: She's different manager.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so I'm feeling distance or cut off from other people. And is it feeling even more cut off and distant with this shelter sort of status that your status in
Shaun W.: Know I like here, I feel good linear. It's chill.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't mind being away from people that that works for you.
Shaun W.: Okay, with a way for people. Yes. Yes. I was worried about moving, moving by myself. So that's what I was worried about like being away from my family because I
Shaun W.: I like being around my family like the kids and I like being around them. Right. So when I moved by myself I want to be alone. I mean, okay. We talked to the white. So I don't have friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me ask about that which kids are you talking about
Shaun W.: That you're around my nephew niece.
Shaun W.: Or nephew or niece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nephew niece and you would be moving. If you could move somewhere.
Where would you be moving
Shaun W.: I don't know.
Shaun W.: Okay, what it's probably gonna have to be in the hood somewhere. So it's the poly
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so then you'd be putting yourself in proximity of that same environment that got you to begin with. So that's not ideal.
Shaun W.: It's just, that's the cheapest housing, you can get here in Albuquerque is over there.
Shaun W.: Get a two bedroom where you get it to better for 500 bucks.
Shaun W.: Yeah well be that one right now he has one next door to me or $500 for two bedroom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was no no
Gwenevere Abriel: And no way that you could live somewhere in a little different environment with less better environment better neighborhood with less that's not in your scope of reasonable
Shaun W.: That's not not how you. Oh, yeah. Yeah, no, I want to live in a good. I don't want to leave.
Shaun W.: But
Shaun W.: It's like the one place when you're a felony, that's hard to get a place to live.
Shaun W.: It's hard to even find a job like I went to so many interviews and what I told him to fill in the interview, just stop right there ever one time is Lady already hired me
Shaun W.: I said, Oh, by the way, you know, I fell into that she was like huh that already put it on my paperwork. I think I was filling this you already hired me everything that she ended right there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how did you manage this one. Was it like I never
Shaun W.: Hire
Shaun W.: You today. I went to
Shaun W.: I went to an interview with some lady was all. Hey, I know this place that does hire felons, and they started $12 an hour and I was aware of that and she told me so I walked in I found it.
Shaun W.: And then I went in there. They said, Hey, you got to go through this temp agency, we only hire to the tip agency. And so I went to that temp agency and hired me
Shaun W.: But they hire felons, which are felonies have to be older than seven years, but so by felonies. We're back from all night.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just curious. I know people that are in a pinch. Just the way you're describing, and I've said
Gwenevere Abriel: Go to your P O and see if they have bonded jobs that they can recommend where they know that felons are coming through their door because I didn't know where else to direct people
Shaun W.: I don't feel told me one.
Shaun W.: Yeah, my people told me he's all here I get you a job over here. He told me, but then I already had this young
Shaun W.: But he was telling me I get you a job by building those manufactured homes or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew it, I knew I was onto something with the PO
Shaun W.: Yeah, they know
Gwenevere Abriel: I did that in my felony drug court, we have, we would have someone who would go out and find people who would be willing to take on our folks and take a chance and then they could work because I mean you can't can't function make our job.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: The system is not set
Shaun W.: Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried all screwed up.
Shaun W.: I tried not to live my big chunk water thousand so I keep my $1,000 at zero just case for emergency smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's get back to this this the cycles. Here I've got an adding a new one. I'm adding
Gwenevere Abriel: What should I add. Do you want me to add the car.
Shaun W.: Yeah, I'm getting a quality I gotta get a car.
Shaun W.: A car.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how much money do you in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Before you go shopping or
Shaun W.: 2500
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm getting a car. And here we go. We've got the objective will be objective, Poland, I will save
Shaun W.: 2500 oh
Gwenevere Abriel: And that includes concepts of I gotta get insurance and things like that.
Shaun W.: Yeah, we'll
Shaun W.: Just wait till the next feature.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you setting this goal for when
Shaun W.: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are you when you crunch the numbers, when are you saying, Okay, I think I'll have 20 $500 by June or July or August or something.
Shaun W.: By me I should have 1000 I'll have 1000 by the end of this month I'll have a 2000 by the end of this month and then she brought me.
Shaun W.: Let's see. I can go buy this car where I can go to this Carla, and I can, I can give them $500 get a car for $100 a month $180 a week, every other week. Hundred and $8 every other week, I can get a pretty good car, but because I can't have a painting.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to buy it outright
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's get a little goal around this notion of finding independent living someplace that you want to live on your own. Is it some vague idea like a year from now, like, kind of, what's your mindset around it.
Shaun W.: Before the new year.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you're so
Gwenevere Abriel: December.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the goal in your own words. I'd like to have it in quotes, what's your goal around that.
Shaun W.: Find
Shaun W.: A good place to
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a good place to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're thinking someplace December 2020
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Gwenevere Abriel: How can you be taking small steps towards that. Would you say
Shaun W.: See money.
Shaun W.: I've been spending a lot of money. So I've been blowing
Shaun W.: I gotta start seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so tell me where is the thing going. Some people go to the casino. Some people by niece and nephew.
Shaun W.: toys and games. Gotta go ahead
Shaun W.: I got a medical medical cannabis card and I started buying those beings, and I don't like it. I really don't. I don't think I want some
Shaun W.: So I'm stopping today. I told my mom on Sheila CHILL OUT TO THE I DON'T THINK I WAS won't get
Shaun W.: It makes me lazy like
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think you're trying to accomplish with with the with the weed, what, what's the outcome you want from the Beijing.
Shaun W.: Oh, oh no, it is they told me that it would help me.
With what
Shaun W.: Oh my PTSD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who's
Shaun W.: The doctor
Gwenevere Abriel: Doctor
Doctor
Shaun W.: I don't remember his name.
Shaun W.: Are you remember the name. I went in there and talk to him and he said that my pod recommended that you do that. I got on it. I don't, I don't really care for it. Like, I guess when I was a kid, I liked it. I don't really like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you and I do more of the psychotherapy part. Why don't we work some of that medicine and and and see if it has a positive benefit. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because the side effects of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are real to which can be a little while we might feel more irritated. There might be a few days where that happens. We also might have
Gwenevere Abriel: A positive effect where we're not as irritated. We might also cry, we might have nightmares. We might have fewer nightmares.
Gwenevere Abriel: The positive and negative are equally as possible with these interventions. It doesn't mean it will go badly, sometimes it has a really positive effect from what I've been watching
Gwenevere Abriel: There is about a 24 hour period here, the intensity is up and then it goes down again. Okay. So as long as my clients are educated around it like they know what's coming.
Gwenevere Abriel: They can pull back a little bit, they can tell the people in their life. Listen, I'm going through something right now just ignore me I'm kinda kind of I say I'm not good at. I'm not good company.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's the way I work is I know the company is going to talk myself back here is just throw the food in the door and step away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, okay.
Shaun W.: So, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Ultimately, there's really not much side effect if it's done properly, there's just you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Enjoying the full scope of who you are and your history and not not feeling the activation around it. So why don't we spend a little time today, I'll pull
Gwenevere Abriel: And pull away from these goals for just a moment. Let's just see if we can find a target to target thought or target and memory to focus on on. Do you happen to have your to
Gwenevere Abriel: Bilateral
Shaun W.: Things handy go
Shaun W.: Okay, you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to be this.
Shaun W.: What 12 inches. Right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to now just to finish up what we had done before. I want to make sure this is what we're saying the same thing but I wrote was
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so what Shawn's going to do is his goal is to save money and the way he's going to get there. This is going to spend less money on vapor weed invading products. Do you think that will help you save money.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Shaun W.: Okay, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I wrote. And we'll keep an eye on that over the next 30
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Shaun W.: About allergies. Right. An hour so
Shaun W.: Opens allergies. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just throw them away. Okay, so here we go let's do look
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see something you have said, I don't even have any of these subjective unit of distress piece in here. Let's do this. Let me show you what I'm doing. So you can see
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so right now I'm going to target somewhere to start, you have this history right and I don't have any little statement. See where this is blue or here.
Shaun W.: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to fill some of those in. So I'm going to ask you about a 50 it's not 100 not the worst thing that's ever happened to you, not the chilis thing that's ever happened. But somewhere in
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be asking you to share a little story with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot of today is going to be it'll sound like this, Sean.
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your emotion. Oh, I was angry. OKAY. AND WHAT WERE YOU THINKING I WAS THINKING WHAT A JERK. And I might say or what, what's your belief about yourself at the time that was usually the hardest one for people to get not really help without one. And then I might say something like
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you rather have been thinking about yourself. And you might say, Oh, that's a stupid question why asked me that word question. Well, let me, let me just, let's just give this a try. And so then you try it on. And that's the positive cognition and then I'll do the work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of the bilateral stimulation and after about 30 seconds of it, then I'll say what's coming up for you and then may only tell me one statement I might decide, hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's interview some positive images or I might decide, Hmm, let's go with that. And then I might iterate again and you don't say
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not a lot of dialogue back and forth. It's real short statements on your side, the therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the bilateral stimulation, where you're pulling up into the working memory. Think about it like like your little desk, your little workspace. We pull up only that not a whole lifetime of trauma and abuse only that piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: I bring up a negative cognition. Maybe I'll do something else. I got to kind of see how you're doing around it. That's why these numbers are important.
Gwenevere Abriel: All do all the complicated stuff over here. You don't have to think for me that that's my job. All you have to do is pay attention to if you're feeling somewhere up in the
Gwenevere Abriel: You just tell me, we got it back off that or you know me, you can say stop or cut it out. That's too much you can do whatever you want to. But if you want to be. So you could just be like, way, way, like a little cut
Gwenevere Abriel: It turns out you want more. And I'm making the iterations, the bilateral stimulation to short like there was a really interesting fragment coming up from the hippocampus, you might do this, I want to sit with a little longer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just saying. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're but my point is
Gwenevere Abriel: No censoring if it comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: This, I just thought of this guy doing this, then let me do my part, which is because I'm only going to want to be isolating to really narrow. I don't want to work the whole network.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to be trying to you're going to hear me redirect the conversation redirect it won't, I won't be intending to be rude. It will be me only
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying with a very small little memory fragment not getting you flooded with all of the connections. Okay, so it won't, I won't be doing it to the mean it will be in service and protection to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do this. Let's have a nice nice moment where we kind of how to get away from all of that psycho education part and let's let's find our breath. I'm going to do it as well. Let's do some some breathing in through the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Into that belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And again into the nose filling along all the way down into the belly expanding that diaphragm down, press in the organs stimulating the Vegas start telling the mind. Oh, we get to be in a relaxed body.
Gwenevere Abriel: This morning, let's set our intention to discovering something new.
Gwenevere Abriel: A new feeling a new awareness, a new relationship with the self.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sean, I'd like you to think about
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you're currently feeling stuck. It might be boy I've really tried to solve this problem in a particular way. I can't seem to get past it, I, I've tried it this way, in that way, over the years, and I just, I'm still stuck with this dilemma, where you're feeling blocked or where you struggle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how do you identify what your, your concern tends to be these days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you describe it.
Shaun W.: You want me to do you want me to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, you're frozen. You've got internet problems.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's funny. You're sitting there on the screen with your eyes closed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me okay
Shaun W.: Yeah, you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're frozen right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait, you're coming back for coming back. Okay, we got you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So present day because we've got time, I'm going to be able to do this. I've got enough time to do this targeting with you and maybe me. I'm Dr. So
Gwenevere Abriel: When you think about what keeps coming up there might be something maybe about the way things the way you feel like where you've been trying to solve it your way. And it's still, it just seems like I keep doing the same darn thing and I don't like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is that
Shaun W.: And you want me. You want me to go up to the 50 right you said not always 150 60
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, why don't you tell me what you just thought of just now and I'll work from there.
Shaun W.: What if I thought about. I thought about my dad when I was younger and he's taught me up with a ninja sword.
Is that 150
Gwenevere Abriel: On you for him.
Yeah.
Shaun W.: Hundreds with them when they sent me up on those murders and I said in a death row. Okay.
Shaun W.: So my dad when I was younger. He a samurai sword. Did he chopped my ear off. So I'll make you more often than not.
Shaun W.: scalping on my head. A couple times and stabbed me with the tip of the sword on my shoulder.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to hear this, you know,
Shaun W.: For good, yes. All right. This happens
Gwenevere Abriel: Not hard to hear. Because I can't contain it, but like that. It's out of 50 that something this profoundly life threatening registers as only a 50
Shaun W.: That's the
Standard
Shaun W.: The Hundred and One is way worse. I think about that every deal the
Shaun W.: Yeah, that's the one because I can't stop. I can't stop thinking about it because like every it's like something like just triggers of me. I can't explain it like just the it always pops in my head.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's that is it the, I don't have freedom. I'm stuck in here that one trapped
Shaun W.: No, I just I can't explain it like a song or smell or sound. I can't explain it. I don't know why it does it just pops in my head.
Shaun W.: That's on chemo was facing all that stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me just get a little, we're not going to do that one. We could. Um, but I think I would rather do do a 4230 with you, but I will want to do that 100 I'm going to tell you because
Gwenevere Abriel: That one right there. You just taught me something that neural network has to do with a smile, you can get triggered by a song by a color by a sound crackling have a chip bag. It can be anything that neural
Shaun W.: Network for us. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right, it's huge, which says to me that this gentleman is going to need to have some desensitization and some rewiring around that neural network otherwise all this for this other work we do waste of our time.
Shaun W.: They told me they told me that my trial that I would be all right if I would go, they would if they said that I can be fixed it, they would lock me up, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot. You were
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying again.
Shaun W.: you're muted private don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Try it again court said you'd be fixed if you did what
Shaun W.: They said I would be fixed his way. Yeah, they said, We fix stuff I locked myself into a
Shaun W.: Can hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you'd be locked into what this is.
Shaun W.: I'm not digging one psychiatric or something, some kind of psychiatric home or some lady got up on the stand in the psychologist, because I had like four
Shaun W.: Different psychologist, look at me, and do all kinds of tests for my lawsuit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay so let's see here. Lucky here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Though, what would they do, what are they going to do with you for two weeks. They're just going to give you medication to leave you alone and not address what's going on. What are they going to do with you.
Shaun W.: As fucking household to sorry
Shaun W.: Dude keeps calling me disconnecting my every time he calls the zoom the zoom disconnects my thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it happens to everyone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's, let's do this. Let's keep working together. I have been seeing progress. So let's let's keep doing we're doing. I don't want you locked up for two weeks. I don't, I don't want that for you. Um, let's see if we can help. This is, this is the evidence based treatment for PTSD.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Let's is it it's used with veterans that have had
Gwenevere Abriel: Been shot at seeing their, their
Gwenevere Abriel: Buddies dying to them. Okay. This is the go to, let's do it. Okay, now I do mine a little differently. I do mine in in a format called attachment focused and kind of put a little bit of that flower child on it a little, a little you know that's that's how I roll.
But it means
Gwenevere Abriel: But it means to me that I'm incorporating some attachment theory with that has to do with hey, my mom was me when I was little.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this was awful. When I was accused of murder. It means I'm combining two things. And I like that and I want that for you. It means I'm addressing the shock trauma and the developmental trauma. I want my clients to have at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's begin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's begin at let's go even lower because I need to see where you get flooded I needed to learn where that that happens for you. Let's go to a 40
Gwenevere Abriel: Not quite. Dad chop me up with ninja sword something a little under that not quite as distressing as that, what else is happening not quite as distressing.
Shaun W.: Well,
Shaun W.: I'm sitting. I'm gonna send this only give you some coffee.
Shaun W.: Thank you. Well,
Shaun W.: She's been so nice. He
Shaun W.: Says he says
Shaun W.: I'm trying to think. I can't think of nothing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's do it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: That feeling so we'll walk it back. This targeting. You know, I might be rushing it I'm just eager to get started with you but
Shaun W.: I'm trying to think. I'm trying to think, though, what
Shaun W.: What, what could I
Shaun W.: Don't know something else like 4830 or 40 and there's a lot of things, man. I've been through a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me help you watch and we only might get to the target and then we'll do the technique next time.
Shaun W.: So let's do it like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: The emotion that you felt when your dad was chopping actually with the ninja sword. This might sound naive. But what emotions were you feeling during that event.
Shaun W.: I think our first always feeling shocked. Okay.
Shaun W.: And then, and then it turned to anger.
Shaun W.: And then I wanted to kill him and then
Shaun W.: My sister.
Shaun W.: My sister called me and
Shaun W.: Got me a plane ticket from Ohio back to Albuquerque, and she said she will take care of me. So she takes care of. She took care of me until I got. Well, again, I took off. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how old were you when this happened.
Shaun W.: I can't even remember the year as
Shaun W.: Every year
Gwenevere Abriel: I was he
Shaun W.: Was older I was older, I was like,
Shaun W.: In my early 20s. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Early 20s, I put 2223 2424 I went
Shaun W.: I went out to the kind of get to know them and live out there and try to get to know them a little bit that happened with the first companies.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this again, we're trying to get to a target that we can work with that doesn't sort of pull in this huge network. So notice how more comes in as we start to talk more stories become right active
Gwenevere Abriel: So my question is,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember 24 her dad. He came out there to get to know him. And within a couple days he's behaving with violence.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're feeling shock. Wait, I'm almost there, because we're trying to the targets different than story than telling a story. It is different. It's true. I do want to hear the stories on but that's
What
Gwenevere Abriel: You want. Yeah, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Shocked and then you were angry and you wanted to kill them. Your sister gotcha out of there, you were able to get out and healed went to Albuquerque and healed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember at the time that this was going on. It doesn't mean that you were aware of the thoughts right when the violence was happening, but just right in that story. Just hold on to that story just hold it right there. No other stories just that many of your working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were the thoughts. I want to hear them.
Gwenevere Abriel: What were the thoughts and beliefs running through your head. He told me one and want to kill him. But tell me more of the thoughts and beliefs about yourself that we're going through your head.
Shaun W.: I couldn't believe you did that was all.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't believe
Gwenevere Abriel: He's doing this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you broke up. Here's what I heard.
Shaun W.: We have to get off. I was reading on the sheet metal
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to miss a word you're saying, unfortunately. Telehealth is a real stinker right now let's do that. So what I heard you say was, I was thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't believe my dad is doing this to his own son. Do you remember that thought yeah yeah yeah yeah you were starting to say something else. But it broke up what you say.
Shaun W.: That I was running thinking I need to get help, because I was bleeding so much I drink. I lost a lot of blood. So I had to stay in the hospital.
Shaun W.: I remember I was just thinking to get help, because I rental grocery stores in the sliding door open. I nailed down two or three months later, the blood or I kneeled down at the grocery store. Three months later they said the blood was still staying on the country all
Gwenevere Abriel: This memory stay with this memory stay there.
Shaun W.: All right, all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need help.
Shaun W.: So I ran to the grocery store.
Shaun W.: Okay, keep going. Open this guy, this guy opened the door and he was like
Shaun W.: You like I remember you just looked at me and I said, Hey man, can you please call an ambulance because they said I look like Carrie from Stephen King and then. So he called an ambulance and then
Shaun W.: On the member on the way there. This lady was like, where are you from, you have an accent. I said, I'm from Albuquerque shoes. That's weird. That's where my parents are from, she said.
Gwenevere Abriel: She called an ambulance.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you got to the hospital. And then what happened.
Shaun W.: THEN THE COPS WERE TRYING TO INTERROGATE ME ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED, they fold the blood trail, all the way back to the apartment complex, but they didn't know which apartment and happened that I didn't tell him that the okay
Shaun W.: I didn't know nobody out there. So I was, I was kind of scared like take you down. Where am I gonna go. I don't know. I don't know. Nobody here. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in the hospital room and you're starting to feel scared. I don't know. Nobody. This is a new city to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Ah.
Shaun W.: OK, then my dad showed up at a
Shaun W.: Walk. Yeah. And he started walk around thinking he's gonna be arrested, but I didn't tell the cops nothing
Shaun W.: And
Shaun W.: They kept asking me to do this, but I didn't want to tell them about the because I kept thinking, I'm gonna kill this fool.
Shaun W.: And then
Shaun W.: And then my sister call to talk to me and talk about it. And if I flew home and then I was in
Shaun W.: The North Korea crazy. He started lying to everybody that was. It was crazy. Like he started July, thereby tell them what happened that he knows that's not what happened. I was like, what
Shaun W.: He was talking about, he was scared when that's not the case. I was outside. You went inside. Got a sword came out of a job, young, you don't mean you're trying to tell people that he was scared. It's all a lie.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, that he was afraid of you.
Shaun W.: Yeah, yeah. It's all I have, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow.
Shaun W.: He went inside of came out and instigated it
Gwenevere Abriel: So you
Shaun W.: Won't do it.
Shaun W.: I went to open the car door he chopped my ear off my ear. When I started the hanging and then I turn around and try to rush him and he hit me with the sword on the top of the head right here.
Shaun W.: You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah yeah yeah sure do.
Shaun W.: Yeah, he's he's flapping the open right there and then he he slapped me open over here, too. And then I went to block it in my shop my English almost got my middle finger.
Shaun W.: And then
Shaun W.: What I kneel down because I kneel down when he hit me in the head. I see light, then I kneel down and then he stabbed me with the tip of the sword on my shoulder.
Shaun W.: And then that's when I got up and ran. I said, I better run. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Alright, I think this one. This is a profound
Gwenevere Abriel: Incident.
Gwenevere Abriel: One of the reasons why I think this might be a useful target discussion and part of what we could use for the work is the physical impact shoulder finger skull I the the the the physical wounding that it happened. The
Gwenevere Abriel: I won't get into the big theory or from Stephen Portus around trauma getting locked in the body. If we're not able to completely defend ourselves, we get the
Gwenevere Abriel: Impulse to protect if it's not completely completed it can get locked in and we can continue to have this sort of anger, like I need to
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish this this self protection, so I won't bore you with the details around that. But this one might be might be a really useful target for us. And it's a complex emotional response, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: How can a father do this. They're supposed to protect their children and he's trying to hurt the cognitive dissonance.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is is so so profound. It doesn't match what a father's supposed to do, there's no story with that matches what happened that's very crazy making for a young person.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's also then it turned to this. I'll kill them. There's, I didn't tell the cops.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm going to kill him. And then there's he's lying and there's all this big opinion about lying. Like, look how complicated. It's got all these different things to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think if we can rework this one, it could have an interesting impact on a lot of different pieces for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we would have to work pretty hard, because notice how you want to just start talking about his behavior about right about how right, notice how we wanted to drift off into another story, it's going to be difficult to stay right there.
Shaun W.: I couldn't believe that photo was lying. I couldn't believe that
Shaun W.: Someone was like, what
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, Sean. Someone else outside of your family system would say I'm shocked that Sean wouldn't tell the cops that his father tried to kill him. Someone else, not you.
Shaun W.: Because your family history is
Gwenevere Abriel: Such but another family would be shocked that you lied. You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But here's your family.
Gwenevere Abriel: Structure is such that the the the the odd lie to you is that your father would protect his ego, so he's not a what a villain in this story like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is surprised me.
Shaun W.: My whole family cut them off. They knew he did. They were like, well,
Shaun W.: He's a piece of shit. Yeah, I didn't know where we talk again everything is
Shaun W.: Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a second I want to hear every word you're
Shaun W.: Saying
Gwenevere Abriel: To yourself on video, the bandwidth
Gwenevere Abriel: Just doesn't seem to be
Shaun W.: Here for right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, cuz I can't hear you try and take yourself off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Video so I can hear everything you're saying all right let's try again, test, test, test,
Shaun W.: Test test test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice.
You pass the test.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, we got a good one there. Now, when you think about that. Just now when that came up into your working memory.
Gwenevere Abriel: From zero to 100, where does it really fall, but how distressing. Is it
Shaun W.: Like a 50, to be honest with you would happen to me is what really stresses me out. Like there's times I think different recipes for no reason. I always think like everybody's out to get me everybody's against me.
Shaun W.: That's
Shaun W.: That's the main one, the one that happened to me, the thing I can tell you all. But that's the hundred like that's the one I need help with
Gwenevere Abriel: All right then. That's the one. All I'll do
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do my best.
Shaun W.: To shake you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so this is there's a big piece around this one and it has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: being accused of murder being locked up and you were in prison for five years under these charts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or four
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay okay in prison and isolation guards were threatening you it was a horror story.
Shaun W.: Yeah, the guards being, you know,
Shaun W.: They were thrown my food at me because those two kids in the case starve to death. So they thought I killed two kids. And so they were choking my food out need meat. And so I had eat my food, also for like the first week. And then finally,
Shaun W.: What just don't have it as a long story was this, he told me that piss in a cup and throw it in his face because the guy kept doing it. And so he did. He came up like did it and then they beat me up.
Shaun W.: But they never to my food on the floor again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Again, not trying to sound naive. I want to know the emotion. Just now when you because you're sending me a very clear message when don't waste your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to talk about this. This is the root of my PTSD. Let's get to it. I want to know. Just now when you started to think about that you were forced to do things you didn't want to do
Gwenevere Abriel: That you were imprisoned against you hadn't you don't see what did I do, I didn't
Shaun W.: I didn't know
Shaun W.: I've never been to this place. That's why I couldn't understand, like, how are you resting in peace. I've never been
Shaun W.: Day with most I could, I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, confused you felt confused. What other emotions.
Shaun W.: Anger sad. Okay, think of actual everything
Shaun W.: Everything.
Yeah.
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want. I want to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lisa. This is a hard one to get to. I heard some of your thoughts like
Gwenevere Abriel: I've never even been to this place, who would accuse me of this. I don't understand. I don't understand. And you're trying to put little pieces of the story together to see how someone had came to this conclusion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now the hard part two want you to tell me what you thought about yourself, what you believe about yourself during those four years that you were in prison.
Shaun W.: I believe that I strongly believe that I was going to make it through that I was innocent. I was going to get our normal lead me and I'll tell everybody. I'm going to get out. Everybody's like,
Shaun W.: One of my best friends burn me for $500 was in there, he thought I was never getting out.
Gwenevere Abriel: There with it. I believe I will make it through. I'm going to get out sign
Gwenevere Abriel: You're out
Shaun W.: Yeah, I knew I was innocent. I knew I wasn't gonna but it was just a point of proven it
Shaun W.: And then, you know, is my best for one of my best friends that set me up and he was innocent to he's never been to the down, please. But he the cops got him to say he was there.
Shaun W.: Now, please. He's never even been. And then he said that we did it. And then he comes out later they find a video to three years later, of the cops telling this guy what to say.
Shaun W.: You don't. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do
Shaun W.: It's a long story. It's a long it this case went on for like 15 years. I mean, it just ended in 2011
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to lighten it up a little bit. As we near the end of the session, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you the one that watches that Better Call Saul show
Gwenevere Abriel: No. No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's one of you in here that because sometimes I'm icebreaker I'll say, yeah, what's your favorite TV show.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know,
Shaun W.: Was
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the Vikings Vikings. Okay. I thought I wish you
Gwenevere Abriel: So yes, interesting, because some of the stuff that you talk about just makes me think about that TV show.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is for real. It's like this is legitimately happens to people.
Shaun W.: I should just eat it, sports, man. I was a kid, you know,
Shaun W.: I wasn't raised that good household, I guess like emotionally
Shaun W.: Uh huh. But we had everything we needed. We're taking care of it, but
Shaun W.: I don't, I wish I just would the winter, where we're making the games and stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen, Sean. If you thought there was another way. I think you would have done it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I you know when our environment, both in our home and in our community says this is the way to get love attention and acceptance. That's what we go do
Gwenevere Abriel: That was the only way you knew to do it.
Shaun W.: I guess to being accepted was committing violence on
Shaun W.: The way to be accepted.
Shaun W.: Well gangs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Gangs demand that they demand that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Do what they're doing, so that you don't rat them out. It's just this deal
Shaun W.: To get in the game. You gotta get jumped.
Shaun W.: In my game three guys jump you for 18 seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: How how young, were you
Shaun W.: What I'm not sure.
Shaun W.: How old when I got in the game. Let's be 16. Oh, you're just a baby.
Shaun W.: And then I got caught for a drive by shooting it. I went to. I went to the New Mexico boys school towards eating.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you in there.
Shaun W.: All goes like 27 months, eight months.
Shaun W.: Then I got out and I was all for a year and they came to the rescue of those four counts of murder.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did anything good happen in the boys home though, did you kind of like some parts of it.
Shaun W.: You know, I liked it a lot, but they just saw there was no girls.
Shaun W.: Like about it.
Shaun W.: Okay, yeah, it was a week when I was there. We're loved smoke cigarettes very
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, is there any I'm nurturing people like a teacher counselor someone that was kind and wise that really kind of connected with their
Gwenevere Abriel: Know. Well, what did you like about the voice home. Then I heard about the girl is not there.
What did you like
Shaun W.: All the homies.
Shaun W.: Over there. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So people
Shaun W.: A lot of those
Shaun W.: Those. A lot of us in there. Those 43 of us in there from my game.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah,
Shaun W.: There's a lot of us in there.
Shaun W.: Because we throw roll call every day.
Shaun W.: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, but there was there, you're saying it was the feeling like you're with a group of people and I might use terms like I belonged. I had my tribe. I didn't feel like the odd one out I belonged. When you were in that those 27 months.
Gwenevere Abriel: You fit in. Yeah, yeah, that's an amazing feeling. I was just checking to see if there happens to also have been some adults there that you RESPECTED THAT YOU admired that you felt cared for. I was checking to see if there was any of those there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't sound like it though.
Shaun W.: It's a school they tell you when you first get there. They tell you 98% of you are going to end up dead or in prison.
Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a real tension of speed.
Shaun W.: But it's a fact, though, and they tell you that when you go to prison. Everybody you are in the boys school, which is a prison.
Shaun W.: Or they're dead.
Shaun W.: They tell you that when you get there. They line you up. They tell everybody only 2% of you are going to make your life so look around you guys are probably not going to make you
Shaun W.: Angry
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not quite how I would run a boy's home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, okay.
Shaun W.: Boys prison.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let me just make a little, little statement here a little update on your bowl, which is I want
Gwenevere Abriel: To get a good relationship with my kids. Can you tell me, are you noticing because you and I touch on topics of how to communicate empathy, how to communicate that you care about your kids to kind of
Shaun W.: You know, give them that room.
Gwenevere Abriel: To re establish trust with you. Have you seen any improvement with your relationship with your kids these days.
Shaun W.: No, my son likes me. I don't have to worry about that but
Gwenevere Abriel: Or certificate I you
Shaun W.: Text me and told me, sorry, the other day, so that was cool. Yeah, I'm
Shaun W.: Sorry, I like it because I told him, I said, why
Shaun W.: Don't I told him I got mad and I told him, I said, hey, you can get that particular rub it on your wrist. I told him, I said,
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me that story.
Shaun W.: I know you lied to me like a girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can you tell me something your goal, Sean, I want to get a good
Gwenevere Abriel: Is a relationship with one of your children getting good or
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Shaun W.: My daughter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Daughter okay so
Gwenevere Abriel: Client reports my relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: With my daughter is improving.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. What do you like about it. Just one little comment and then rough off on the day
Shaun W.: I just like able to talk to him. Okay, being able to talk with her.
Shaun W.: Conversation rules the nation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, alright, so I'll update your, your treatment plan here and we'll see each other.
Shaun W.: On two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean aside from going into group, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, okay,
Shaun W.: All right. You too.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's your bye